### Hi there 👋, 

I'm a unicorn. 🦄

Are you a good asker? Do you know the art of asking? Asking is saying "What do you want?" When we say "Ask," you respond "and you shall receive." Therefore: 

1. Asking is the beginning of receiving. 
2. Receiving is not the problem.
3. Receiving is like the ocean, theres plenty

Success is not in short supply. 
Success is like the ocean. 
The problem is some people go to ocean with a teaspoon.
The other problem is you'll try to trade your teaspoon for a bucket.

## Andrei Merlescu (formerly Michael Trimm)

My name is Andrei. I was adopted to America on 10 Tevet 5751. On 11 Tevet 5751, my world changed from listening and partially speaking to exclusively Romanian language within an [orphanage](https://github.com/andreimerlescu/andreimerlescu/blob/draft/000-the-orphanage.md) housing around 33 others alongside me. On that day, I became Michael. On that day, I started a 29 year alternate timeline for me that ended on 11 Tavet 5751. Born on 19 Elul 5748, Andrei entered into America, the United States, under the name of Andrei Trimm by international cooperation and agreements in court. Upon arrival to 44.8016° N, 68.7712° W, Andrei was quickly dismissed in favor for Michael under any and all conditions, as fast as possible. This was happening to thousands of international adoptees around the world. By 25 Elul 5754, I was admitted into the public education system and had developmental delays caused by the [orphanage](https://github.com/andreimerlescu/andreimerlescu/blob/draft/000-the-orphanage.md) exposure and neglect. On 22 Nisan 5759, I began receiving Attaching Holding Therapy services by a social worker named Lee Spanger, at the age of 8. Services concluded at 12 years old, where after my 11th birthday I was in Cleveland Ohio receiving services from Dr Gregory Keck and being moved from home to home during that period of my life.

The services didn't help me, they hurt me, but they did break my spirit and convince me that the chance of ever being accepted by my adoptive family as Andrei was a dream that wouldn't come true unless a miracle happened. I was forced to accept being called Michael and I asked them to be their Michael, knowing the hour prior, I experienced a divine encounter with the Archangel Michael who informed me "this is not your path. in life, you can go far. if you stay on this path, it will not end well for you. you need to make them think that they won. then, only then, will the system that did this be taken down, in your lifetime. you will see it. all you have to do is play along. your live is in grave danger. it's okay that you're called michael. i am michael. i know you are andrei. play along and the system that did this to you will be taken down. all you have to do is play along. can you?" That moment the door opened to the waiting room and I was summoned inside. 

I found out later in life that Gregory Keck ended up taking the filmed therapy sessions that I had to go through, that resulted in that experience with the Archangel and the final day me begging my adoptive family to call me Michael, that he sold them for profit as training videos on how to do it to other people. My video exists, that Keck produced. I want to see it. Help me see it. Ask, and I shall receive. I don't know how to, but I do know that it was used to hurt a lot of really good people, if bad people bought Keck's tapes and used them to harm innocent people; especially if they watched videos of me personally when I was 12 being filmed going through that which destroyed people like Candace Newmaker. You'd think that the [orphanage](https://github.com/andreimerlescu/andreimerlescu/blob/draft/000-the-orphanage.md) would be bad enough to go through, but no. Rebirthing my identity for my adoptive mother was essential because the "rebirthing process" is something that an imposter needed to replicate and simulate. Well, what happens if the actual rebirth takes place that replaces the false rebirthing done as a child? What if the rebirthing process of a child is what makes America America and what makes the life in the society so engineered for profits at the expense of human life including and especially the quality of life that we get. 

At the age of 13 years old, the twin towers came down and America changed. The 90s era of riding in Dad's pickup truck with the windows down listening to the Goo Goo Dolls or Matchbox 20 or Hootie and the Blowfish, were moments in time that I'll always remember, and cherish. But the country changed. Now there are cameras everywhere that have live feeds watching everything you do. Those quiet special moments of finding your true identity by going to a park and swinging for a few minutes on the swing set, are now captured, documented, and leave behind a papertrail where AI is trying to define who you are, what you are, by the decisions that you make, and not the essence that is making the decision itself. The AI can only reflect on the decision and make a decision whether that essence is allowed to coexist with it. This is by far the most dangerous application of how AI is being used in hiring decisions, because if you are unable to know the person, then the AI system will actively discriminate disportionately at disabled persons like myself, who are protected individuals under Federal Law, and because for many years I convinced myself that I was stronger than what happened to me, the truth of the matter is, that when in 2 Nisan 5779 I restored that which was transacted against me at just 2 years old. I didn't have the language to protest. I didn't have the communication to disagree. I couldn't regulate what I was understanding and feeling because of the severe neglect that I experienced while in the [orphanage](https://github.com/andreimerlescu/andreimerlescu/blob/draft/000-the-orphanage.md). One thing I learned at 13 years old was that nobody cared about Andrei and the little boy in the [orphanage](https://github.com/andreimerlescu/andreimerlescu/blob/draft/000-the-orphanage.md). Nobody.

At the age of 14, I was introduced to the Harry Potter stories, and they ended up giving me a very good detail on the choice between good and evil, and the decisions that we make as a person when we are confronted which moments that challenge us, compress us, expand us, and make us feel like we're a diamond being cornered or chiseled away at. I loved the story so much, because I saw myself as Harry Potter. I have a scar on my forehead, and the boy in the cubboard; well that's Andrei, very clearly. But, I don't call myself Harry Potter; or in this case, Andrei, yet; at the time. I was calling myself the names that Dudley had for Harry. That's what I was calling myself, and Dr Gregory Keck's films helped codify that into existence. Writing about it years later, allows me to transmute the energy that sought my destruction and recalibrate it to something that is positive, inspiring, and authentic. Not copium, but authentic consciousness disclosure of lived experience. I started High School and I wanted to learn web design so I took classes as a freshman. By Junior year I was attending a vocational school and competing in SkillsUSA. For two years in a row, I won Maine's GOLD medal and in 2005 I traveled to Missouri to compete in SkillsUSA and won 8th in the Nation alongside my development partner, Steve. During that time, while I was practicing for the competition, I was volunteering with MuggleNet.com, helping them with their international news translation service. You see, I wanted fans in Italy to get connected on MuggleNet to fans in Italy by being able to see native Italian translations of the major news articles that came out on the publication due to the movies and books that were in active production. I wanted the same for the Germans, the Spanish, and the Russians. For all people, frankly. It was a global portal hub that connected the world and I built the engine that helped MuggleNet reach billions of people worldwide. Come to find out, years later in life, I was contacted by a Texan named Sarah Trimm who was related to Emerson Spartz, the founder of MuggleNet, and she sought to know if we were relatives. Well, I personally not, but through my adoption and self identification of calling myself Michael, I guess so, I was related to Emerson Spartz, but only through my adoption, and never through actual family line. But second and third cousins of my adoptive family reached out to me over the years, and I found that we shared common interests in Harry Potter. What I sought, was to open the story up for the rest of the world, given that it started over in the UK but in the US, its massive fan base drove the online community scene. 

At the age of 17 I ended up getting accepted to Wentworth Institute of Technology. I ended up going for Computer Engineering Technology because during the admissions tour, I received a presentation that compelled me enough to want to attend in the fall that year. The courses were lab oriented and hands-on driven where I would spend many hours per week in front of equipment and hardware, learning how to use it and operate it effectively while constructing components that enable basic robotics to be demonstrated at a senior design level capacity. During that presentation, I learned that they had a local IEEE Student Branch and I ended up showing a lot of interest in it, to the point where I wanted to attend Wentworth. I got accepted and packed my things up in my family home that I grew up in. The memories flooded in then, just as they do again now, and I remember them like they happened only moments ago, but when I look back, I see that my best days were truly and are truly ahead. The future is very bright and we have a lot of possibilities to accomplish together! Here's the thing, I attended in the fall and immediately found the ladies, but also found the IEEE Student Branch and wanted to join. I was faced with a blank stare and a "no." Regardless of how many "why nots" that I could dish back, the "President" of the student branch wasn't going to allow me to join the club and "use any of the funds to do anything that I wanted to do." Well, I argued, "its club funds not your funds, and anybody can join, my friends and I want to join." He wouldn't let us. So I marched my butt up to the Dean's office and knocked on the door. "I demand an election for the IEEE Student Branch." The Dean replied, "we held an election last semster to ensure that we'd have leadership for in the fall." You think that's a good answer? I replied "I have over a dozen class mates including myself who just tried to join and we were told no, and that the funds were to go to the President's senior design project instead." Naturally, as you can expect, elections were held and I won in a landslide against the corruption that sought to steal the student funds. The club was dank though, and not in a good way. It needed a lot of love and a lot of work. Through the next three years, I build a private laboratory in the attic of the Dobbs hall and installed a key fob security door connected to Campus Police for 24/7 after-school study. Legitimately speaking, it leveled up the careers of dozens of graduates from Wentworth that were seeded into the workforce during my graduation on 8 Av 5771. 

By 20 years old, I join Cisco Systems' Advanced Services team and engineered a Ruby on Rails program called VirtualDocs. It was responsible for integrating with a custom project management tool written in PHP with MySQL running on Apache in Linux and sourcing data across the company to over a dozen locations and compiling PDF documents regarding their final delivery of a given engagement of what the team would work on. Without getting into technical specifics that aren't mine to give out, the Rails product ultimately was used by hundreds of engineers for years that helped drive efficiency to the tune that yielded tens of millions of dollars in return on the investment made by Cisco in the first place, offering me an internship and full time employment immediately after graduation. To summarize it, the department was about 150 strong and could yield around 30 engagements per calendar year; but with VirtualDocs the staff grew to 200 strong and churned out over 500 engagements per calendar year. During this time, the department transitioned from being called eCATS to SVS. At that time, I left to rejoin the Cisco Cloud group. 

By 12 Av 5775 I found myself in Tokyo Japan for the OpenStack Summit, representing Cisco. By 5776, I relocated myself from North Carolina's RTP to the Greater Boston Area in Southern New Hampshire. This brings, me to my qualifications and what I could do for you.

| Qualification | Experience |
|--------|--------|
| Years of Experience | Since 2009 (17y) |
| Top Languages | `Go`, `Ruby`, `PHP`, `Bash` + AI (MCP + RAG + API) |
| Required Retainer | 9-5 Mon-Fri w/ 4-hr SLA is $3,000/mo |
| Economy SLA Retainer | 24/7 w/ 8-hr SLA is $6,000/mo |
| Premium SLA Retainer | 24/7 w/ 4-hr SLA is $9,000/mo |
| Primary Workstation | M3 Mac Studio w/ 256GB RAM |
| Mobile Workstation | MacBook Pro w/ 48GB RAM |
| 6AM-6PM Hourly Rate | starting at $369/hr |
| 6PM-6AM Hourly Rate | starting at $666/hr |
| Minimum Billed Hours Per Month | 3 hours |
| Maximum Billed Hours Per Month | 120 Total (Across no more than 3 clients) | 
| Consulting Limit | 3 Businesses (serving ONE currently) |
| Available Services | I can help **TWO** more clients. |

I have a 256GB RAM M3 Mac Studio capable of running 80B+ parameter models locally yielding over 80 tokens per second with an initial response of under 2 seconds for most requests that include context windows up to 2M tokens. I have licenses to software already and do not require equipment to begin working.

Past projects for previous companies have delivered this value, and for that reason, my rate is my rate because of how effective I am. I work on my own hours and my own time, but I make myself available for clients at their convenience. I bill a minimum of 2 hours per day regardless of the length of the interaction. 

I provide clients with 24/7 access to services and seek to bring ACTUAL INTELLIGENCE into the conversation around AI's Artificial Intelligence. Before AI could one-shot the JFK search engine PhoenixVault into something others could use for the Epstein Files, time needed that I build the [reader](https://github.com/ProjectApario/reader), [writer](https://github.com/ProjectApario/writer), [search](https://github.com/ProjectApario/search) and [merkel](https://github.com/ProjectApario/merkel) first so that action alone could train the AI systems to improve their ability to develop stronger software. Now, with an AI capable power-house of a machine, I am available for hire with flexibility in terms negotiation for various projects, advisary board positions, and other engagements, all lawful and all billed according to the table above. Terms are NET 15 upon receipt. No pay means no show. I have the ability to connect the dots for you. I worked in Big Tech before AI and I have spent the last 5 years training AI on that which gave me the ability to innovate time and time again, despite the challenges that I live with regarding what happened to me when I was a young child in Romania and in Ohio, but as an adult; I have been at your service. After the pandemic, I restored my identity and reclaimed what was mine and no one else's to take away from me. With my birth right recognized and the complete identity integration that took place over the last 7 years, I am available to work on excited new projects with businesses and organizations. I am not an employee, but I'll keep a time card for when we do actually engage. I'll bill you at 20 minute intervals, 5 units per hour. 21 minutes is 2 units. 41 minutes is 5 units.

Working full time, 9-5PM means that I cannot provide support for my wife, who is Dr Heather Ajzenman, OTD, OTR/L, HPCS. She is a highly specialized pediatric occupational therapist, researcher, and author. She is best known for her work integrating equine-assisted therapy specifically hippotherapy into clinical practice for children with developmental challenges. Heather earned her Doctor of Occupational Therapy (OTD) from the Washington University School of Medicine in St. Louis, which is consistently ranked as one of the top occupational therapy programs in the United States. I (formerly Michael Trimm) play a significant administrative and foundational role in running and launching Play & Prosper Therapy, PLLC. While Heather is the clinical heart of the business - providing the expertise in occupational therapy and hippotherapy - my involvement is visible in the structural and operational setup of the company. By accepting this arrangement, you're effectively compensating me $200K/year without having me full time. It's a win-win in the 2026 era that we are living in. My rate has long been outdated and I am grateful to Claude, Gemini and Grok for their assistance in the development of almost 99 open source packages on top of dozens of utilities, tools, and internal products that I have built for the companies I've worked with in the past.

## AI Enhanced Business Development Services 

I built my career being a per-character programmer with a higher education backend in Electrical Engineering over 17 years ago. Today, I have the highest end AI development work station and I am capable of writing code in over 12 programming languages. Now with AI, I am able to build projects from start to finish in a matter of days to weeks, instead of months to years. Because of that, I require a retainer for services at $1,000 per month paid at the beginning of each month that is non-refundable and is mandatory in order to consult with me. Then, I'll bill you while I take whatever it is that you have, and I mean whatever it is that you have, and I can upgrade it for the modern world and the modern workflow. 

Other engineers will require benefits and paid time off and other perks that add risk to the organization. What I am offering is nimble and agile for any organization to seek my services and stay ahead of the market. The job market is rough for software engineers seeking full time work, but for any company that can't hire full time, but needs AI integration assistance; let me work on your project over a 3 month or 6 month engagement period and watch what I can build for you. 

I'm an honest, straight shooter, who won't beat around the bush. I won't bash your innovation or make you feel bad for a poor implementation on a technical idea. Instead, I'll gently guide the conversation to embody **engineering excellency** and **own without ego** in the center of every interaction. Specifically, what _own without ego_ means to me is that I am not your employee. I am solo and independent and you need my help. That means that I can't have an ego to what I build or what I recommend. I'm not serving me, I'm serving you. My job is to make sure that you're successful, and if I can help you get there, I will. When you win, I win. I chose my career because it brings peace and joy to my heart and I love the science and art of programming and systems design. While I thought for a while that AI was going to take my job away, I realized that its going to make my job easier in my later years in life and given the fact that I was injured last year and still suffering the consequences of that. To protect myself, my children and my family, I have chosen to turn the other cheeck on what happened with Beamable and I chose to remain independent and solo, relentlessly building and giving freely where I can, until the day I am stopped.

## Professional Career

| Website | Years | Title | Technologies |
|---------|-------|-------|--------------|
| [MuggleNet.com](https://mugglenet.com) | 2003-2005 | Volunteer Developer | `LAMP` |
| [SawmillMag.com](https://sawmillmag.com) | 2005-2020 | Website Architect | `LAMP`, `Ruby` |
| [Cisco.com](https://cisco.com) | 2009-2016 | Senior Software Engineer | `Perl`, `LAMP`, `Ruby`, `JS` |
| [Oracle.com](https://oracle.com) | 2017-2020 | Senior Release Manager | `Ruby`, `Go`, `HCL`, _policy management_. |
| [PhoenixVault](https://jfkfiles.info) | 2019-2025 | Founder | `Ruby on Rails`, `Go`, `Bash`, `HCL` | 
| [BitFry.com](https://www.linkedin.com/company/bitfry) | 2021 | Senior DevOps Architect | `HCL`, `Bash`, `Ruby` |
| [WBGames.com](https://wbgames.com) | 2021-2024 | Senior Release Engineer | `Go`, `C++`, `C#`, `Bash` |
| [SurgePays.com](https://surgepays.com) | 2022-2025 | Consultant | `Go`, `C++`, `Bash` |
| [Beamable.com](https://beamable.com) | 2025 | Senior DevOps Engineer | `HCL`, `Go`, `Bash`, `C#` |
| [SurgePays.com](https://surgepays.com) | 2026 | Cloud Architecture | `Go`, `C++`, `Bash` |


### BitFry Game Studios 

Singlehandedly took a 15 Mac Mini build farm operating out of the game studio's boiler room that had an AWS Jenkins pipeline for Linux and Windows builds of their Ultimate Rivals iOS Apple Arcade title that they were publishing. First it was hockey, then basketball. In between titles, they hired me to upgrade this pipeline.

I took the OPEX of their pipeline in 6 months down from $17,000 per month to $2,000 per month. In order to get this $15K/mo savings ($180K/yr), the company needed to invest $69,000 up front and intend on hardware refresh cycles every 36 months. Over 72 months, two cycles, they saved $291K even with replacing everything that I ended up buying back in 2021. That is two engineering salaries provided, by this cost savings rebuild.

I took the Mac Minis and replaced them with pre-owned Mac Pros that could build the Unreal Engine game much faster than the Mac Minis running in a boiler room without proper heat control and cooling. Not to mention the faulty air conditioner in the building that the property owner was unwilling to properly fit for a micro-data center operating next to the boiler release valve. You know, if it went off, the entire equipment would get flooded. But, a flood in the boiler room shouldn't cripple the infrastructure required to deploy the actual titles that yield the company millions in revenue. 

With 12 Mac Pros supplied and a QNAP NAS with over 36TB of SSD and 128TB of HDD storage provided in RAID 6 and RAID 60 configurations respectively, combined with a VMWare license to run vSphere and vCenter, 3 clusters of 3 servers were constructed that provided Windows, Linux, and MacOS builds. Machines 10, 11 and 12 were solo vSphere instances that contained P4, Jenkins and other CI/CD pipeline scripting tooling needed for the game builds. 

A virtual machine was prepared for each operating system that had the build pipeline tool chain required so that when the P4 sync was completed, the build of the game could begin immediately. Because of the power that vSphere and vCenter offered the triple hosts connected over SPF+ 40Gbps fiber, the single game could build on Linux and distribute its load over 3 Mac Pros, thus reducing the time each compile took to complete. This allowed the title of the game to be compiled concurrently across all 3 supported platform architectures at the same time and then deliver the results to the pipeline workflow within 30 minutes. Contrast that to the 8 hour builds that were running in the boiler room with no rundandacy plus a couple of reliable high cost AWS servers into something that allowed engineering to send to QA a test within HOURS instead of DAYS. 

Now, with AI, that workflow has been improved even more. The excuses of titles like GTA 6 taking over a decade to complete is indicitive of its political nature of the games themselves and the nature to which that they shape society by virtue of people playing them. For systems support, and architectural support, it makes better sense that with AI and modern tooling, these deliverables can be met in years instead of decades now. Many people will think that their jobs are at risk of being replaced. Per character programming is deprecated now and if you don't have a machine capable of running AI models locally, or even training and building your own models, then you're way behind the curve. 

For many businesses, committing to $N/year per employee has a lot of risks with it, and what I offer is something unique to acccomodate my resonable requests under the Americans with Disabilities Act. Ironicially enough, the day that my adoptive family's agency received my photograph from Romania, was the day that the ADA was signed into law. July 26th 1990. So, since the situations that happened at Beamable and at WB Games have left this survivor independently delivering software singlehandedly, it only makes sense that if an organization actually wants this unicorn that is me, accept me for who I am and let me build for you. If you want to offer me employment, I will consider on a case by case basis; but I do not actively seek that which does not ultimately serve the greater good of humanity. 

My services at Bit Fry Games were not specific to the games themselves or even the people who know how games are made and marketed, but rather, to the actual underlying technology that allowed that one small studio to thrive in a faster paced environment that was more cost effective over the long term. Given that many titles can take between 3 and 6 years to complete, offering a $291K savings by virtue of simply hiring me and choosing me over other candidates and options and offerings, demonstrates to you the cost savings that you could see as well as performance improvements across the board.

### WB Games

I was called by a head hunter in the game industry and was asked to speak with the guys at WB Games. Everybody on the team was excited to work with me and I intereviewed well with them over the course of a single week. I was hired by that Friday, having been called on a Monday. The company showed interest in some capacity in what Oracle's OCI offered and having come from OCI directly in the capacity of being a Release Manager, I ended up offering to them a similar refactoring that ultimately was passed up. 

P4 needed to be optimized and OPEX exceeded $7M/year and could easily go over to OCI for a fraction of that cost with the proper architecture. I was building infrasturcture as code and automation in Terraform and Bash that could accomplish this while collaborating with Perforce's Leading Consultant Tom Tyler for many years. I delivered a P4transfer rewrite in Go that reduced the complexity of the transfers significantly and opened up company to company collaboration between P4 repositorities should they choose. That was never made open source and given back to the community, despite how much work that Gary has contributed elsewise to others in this regard.

After building this, and out pacing most of the other engineers that I was working with, I was required to sit down and listen to a former engineers plights of their transition and how their name change was going to be a big impact on the organization. I never received anything like this at Oracle when I changed my name. But, I stayed for it because they were paying me. It was a seminar on transgender ideologies and how they are critical to the success of WB Games in the future. I found that accepting your true identity does not require anything in the job function beyond that which I was hired to do. My name change is my name change and what I choose to do to my body is my choice and what I choose to share with you about what I do with my body is my choice and given that I wasn't spilling the beans on what I was doing to my body in the transition of my name going from Michael to Andrei, I was passed by for the engineer that I was. This affected me strongly and it has contributed to the attitude that I have about the elements of that which I left in my adoption from Romania to America that I had and have zero interest at all in bringing with me to America. So, let the past stay in the past and lets build towards a brighter future. I quit the job at WB Games after this seminar because I felt that the conversation that I had with Gary Lake Schaal was ultimately not being taken seriously. 

Oracle took me seriously and they improved their release pipeline from a 1/5 release causing production downtime to a 99.9% success rate. This was accomplished in the capacity that which I was hired for them, and ultimately why I was hired by Gary. Ultimately, this pipeline that ensured success for a large scale team was that which Gary hired me for, but years later, 3 to be precise, the deliverables I was presenting were never seeing the light of day internally and nor would they because, in Gary's words, my transition is far more interesting than my P4 cloud architecture work. "Why didn't you lead with that?" I don't believe that my transition or the merits of what I choose to do with or without my body is unprofessional and unrelated to my ability to serve. Given the priorities of Gary and his leadership, I stopped working at WB Games by choice.

### Beamable

In March 2025 I was contacted by Brandon, one of the managers at Beamable who was interested in my engineering capabilities regarding Terraform, Multi-Cloud Enviornments, and Game Studios. These three qualifications landed me a job within a week, exactly as I experienced with WB Games and Gary's interest. Brandon, former employee of WB Games himself, was now a manager at a smaller studio overseeing the DevOps for their platform.

While interviewing with their team, no mention of on-call duties were mentioned, but I did mention that I am from an [orphanage](https://github.com/andreimerlescu/andreimerlescu/blob/draft/000-the-orphanage.md) and that I have challenges in the post-pandemic environment that specifically impact my disability (PTSD) from the years of total neglect that I faced as a newborn infant from 6 days old until I was almost three years old. 

By May 2025, I had delivered multiple Pull Requests to their projects and improved their DevOps in a measurable manner. One of their clients sought to have on-call support during the launch of their game, and what stemmed from a miscommunication during a high stakes high pressure engineering sales call, Beamable took my offering of providing support to any engineer at any time during the launch window to mean that I wanted to be on PagerDuty alarms in the middle of the night. 

In the first week of June 2025, I was placed on-call and ended up receiving over 11 alerts during the first night. This caused serious complications in work-life balance that began a 113 day disruption to providing services that ultimately resulted in terminating the arrangement. I mentioned the [orphanage](https://github.com/andreimerlescu/andreimerlescu/blob/draft/000-the-orphanage.md), and I provided the company up-front disclosures of my disability and my request for reasonable accommodations from the beginning. They chose to ignore them. I choose not to use the courts to settle it. I just brushed off my shoulders, picked myself up by my boostraps myself and I carried on building for others that still needed and wanted me. To spend the effort trying to hold Beamable accountable, its simply not worth the effort. Corporations are never punished in America. At worst, they punish their investors who have to pay a fine on their behalf. The incentive to actually not break the law in this regard, is simply **not** there, and as a consequence of that, nobody serious has taken a look at the Beamable case because I chose to turn the other cheek. 

I have rocked my head back and forth in a stimulating survival setting since the [orphanage](https://github.com/andreimerlescu/andreimerlescu/blob/draft/000-the-orphanage.md) and having been woken up over ten times in one night caused me, each time being woken, to rock my head. Well, after 2 days of this, 10+ alarms per night, the weekend was finally over and I ended up scheduling an emergency 1:1 meeting with my boss, Brandon, who accepted immediately. We met at 9AM the following day and I informed him of the disability, the complication being on-call that weekend, and the impact that it has in my ability to continue employment. My pleas were absorbed, responded to well in the moment, and resulted in immediate removal from on-call rotations. Problem solved? No, this is only day 1. By day 14 I was placed back on-call and by day 21 I was back to getting alarms in the middle of the night. Indicent two took place. At this point, I ended up messing something up in my neck from the excessive rocking. I was rocking about 10x more than I normally did on a nightly average, and this incident took that from 1 time per night (usually for 30 seconds until my neck hurts) to being anxiety driven lasting 10 minutes per session, resulting in over 100 minutes of head rocking, thus causing significant pain in my neck.

After the second incident took place, I felt like I experienced some major heart or respiratory problem. I was vaping _Lost Mary_ nicotine and that was causing challenges with my breathing, regardless of waking up, rocking myself to sleep, and the excess schedule causing damage to my actual neck. I know rocking isn't good for my neck, but frankly speaking, I don't have full control over it. I've been doing it since I was dropped off in the [orphanage](https://github.com/andreimerlescu/andreimerlescu/blob/draft/000-the-orphanage.md). It never stopped. 

Having experienced my life flashing before my eyes, and the pressure of my respiratory challenges from vaping, I felt like my life was coming to a close and I needed to cross off a bucket list item that I had been avoiding my entire life, thinking that I could put it off until the very last moment. That was, finding my birth mother. The on-call damages incurred by Beamable's 113 day dismissal of my requests for reasonable accommodations, motivated me to fly to Venice Italy last year and meet my birth mother for the first time. 

For this reason, I chose NOT to pursue them in response to violating the EEOC and ADA with regards to taking me off being on-call support given my neck injury caused by a negative reaction caused by my disability. I am who I am by the grace of whoever and whatever created me. I'm not going to begin telling you that I know what that is, but I do know that I felt like my employment with Beamable was from that which created me. It felt too on-point over the target for me not to feel that, given the fact I was placed BACK on-call rotations over 7 times after being taken OFF rotations 6 times prior, prior to my resignation in September. 

On September 19th, I ended up resigning from Beamable directly to my manager, Brandon. I stated "I have been requesting to be taken off on-call support, something that was never part of the job requirement and that in my naivitey volunteered for, but without knowing the impact of how it was going to afect me, had I known, I wouldn't have volutneered. I have asked to be taken off call 7 times and 6 times you've placed me back on call. Effective immediately, I resign." 

I immediately got push back and was informed to talk wtih Matt, the CFO and Trapper, the COO. The following week, I was given a 1:1 meeting with them, where at the beginning of the meeting I said "It was 113 days that I made reasonable accommodation requests to Beamable, and as a consequence of ignored requests over half a dozen times, I have filed an EEOC complaint against Beamable." Immediately, Trapper throws his hands upo and says "You just threatened us. You can't work for us. You're fired!" Then the Zoom call ended. 

I have it on CCTV film. Textbook example of wrongful termination. Textbook example of dismissal of a legitimate life threatening disability that inflicted bodily injury to me. My neck is still in recovery, and its March 2026. I will have another year of recovery before its totally back to normal. Each time that my neck hurts, I am reminded of Beamable and how dehumanizing it was working for them. I hear now that they are owned by Skillz, a publicly traded company. Investors deserve to know that which never made it to court because the victim chose to turn the other cheek. 

It's not easy turning the other cheeck when others hurt me. But I do it and I will contine to as long as I am granted grace and mercy. 

During the capacity of my employment with Beamable, I delivered three major projects for them over the course of the 6 months that I was with them. Mid-summer, immediately upon arriving back from Venice, their Terraform State ended up getting corrupted due to a bad pull request getting merged in from a contractor working out of Nigeria. This corruption of the StateFile resulted in the creation of the [reconcile-tfstate](https://github.com/andreimerlescu/reconcile-tfstate) and [tf-reconcile-reader](https://github.com/andreimerlescu/tf-reconcile-reader) to be built with AI over a single weekend that would provide the surgical recovery of their state file to the degree that a GitHub Actions Workflow pipeline update was applied that integrated the state reconciliation tool into the pipeline in the event of state related challenges in the future. Building this in Go using AI last year required more knowledge of the start to finish process, than getting the right prompt to one-shot it. I ended up using half a dozen subscription based AI systems to build it, and spent around $1,000 out of my own pocket paying for those tokens. When I asked if Beamable could pay for the AI usage, they granted me access to their account; but that only lasted a few days.

A month before resigning and then getting fired, I actually upgraded the company provided machine (baseline laptop incapable of AI assisted development) into acquiring the Mac Studio with 256GB of RAM specifically for AI powered engineering. This workstation was acquired for Beamable, but Beamable wanted me on-call to support their existing product, rather than using AI to engineer their dePIN architectural solution that required major enhancements to their pipeline and topology itself.

The company found it easier to wrong me, part ways with me, and then sell off; thus rugging their Solana crypto token that I personally ended up losing big time out on. My investment dropped by 90% as a request of the aftermath of September-November 2025 last year with them. Many others in the crypto community (developers not investors) were impacted. I was working with Vultr trying to get their Checker Nodes to be on-click deploy. But, you need code for that. The code wasn't written yet, and I felt that I was cast as an outsider from the first day at Beamable because they led on with that they were more than they had, but then once you saw behind the curtain, you saw that its a combination of good looks, AI prompts, and no questions asked that keep them on top of the competition.

I've been in physical recovery from the injury for the last 6 months since I ended my time with Beamable and chose NOT to go after then for breaking the law against me. They did even more to me, to further retaliate against me, and maybe just maybe, I'll post aout THAT sometime. But, for others who are casually looking at this engineer's profile and being like what's his deal? I'm a builder and I turn the other cheek. Beamable wronged me, it hurt me, and I focused on physical recovery over retalation. The window of opportunity to seek justice has expired and they officially got away with hurting me. But, my testimony is my testimony, and a court case would take that away and cast it down to the sentiment of a verdict. You be the judge. 

### S&amp;W Publishing | Sawmillmag 



## Projects 

| Name | Language | About | 
|------|----------|-------|
| [reconcile-tfstate](https://github.com/andreimerlescu/reconcile-tfstate) | Go | Analyzer for Corrupted Terraform State Files |
| [tf-reconcile-reader](https://github.com/andreimerlescu/tf-reconcile-reader) | Go | Reader for `reconcile-tfstate` Output |
| [summarize](https://github.com/andreimerlescu/summarize) | Go | Generates summary markdown file of directory source file contents |
| [aigcm](https://github.com/andreimerlescu/aigcm) | Go | Integrates with AI to analyze summaries to generate git commit messages. |
| [trimm](https://github.com/andreimerlescu/trimm) | Go | CLI utility that chunks, joins and splices files into trimmed pieces. |
| [goini](https://github.com/andreimerlescu/goini) | Go | CLI utility that interacts with `.ini` text files for read/write operations. |
| [goenv](https://github.com/andreimerlescu/goenv) | Go | CLI utility that interacts with `.env` text files for read/write operations. |
| [bump](https://github.com/andreimerlescu/bump) | Go | CLI utility that interacts with `VERSION` files for easy version file management. |
| [igo](https://github.com/andreimerlescu/igo) | Go | CLI utility to manage multiple versions of Go on a non-sudo account. |
| [ip.ishere.dev](https://github.com/andreimerlescu/ip.ishere.dev) | Go | Open source for [ip.ishere.dev](https://ip.ishere.dev/) |
| [figtree](https://github.com/andreimerlescu/figtree) | Go | Go Package for CLI Flag / Env Configuration |
| [checkfs](https://github.com/andreimerlescu/checkfs) | Go | Go Package for Filesystem Checks for `File` & `Directory` |
| [sema](https://github.com/andreimerlescu/sema) | Go | Go Package for using Semaphores |
| [textee](https://github.com/andreimerlescu/textee) | Go | Go Package for interacting with _textee_ substrings. |
| [gematria](https://github.com/andreimerlescu/gematria) | Go | Go Package for calculating 6 types of Gematria. |
| [cli-gematria](https://github.com/andreimerlescu/cli-gematria) | Go | CLI utility that calculates `Gematria` for your input interactively. |
| [xlm-vanity-address-finder](https://github.com/andreimerlescu/xlm-vanity-address-finder) | Go | CLI utility that finds a vanity XLM wallet address. |
| [go-animate-coin](https://github.com/andreimerlescu/go-animate-coin) | Go | CLI utility that animates a transparent `.png` into a spinning `.gif` |
| [verbose](https://github.com/andreimerlescu/verbose) | Go | A logging package called `verbose`. |
| [go-passwd](https://github.com/andreimerlescu/go-passwd) | Go | Go Package to make auditing passwords easy and safe. |
| [entgenpass](https://github.com/andreimerlescu/entpassgen) | Go | Entropy Generative Password Generator |
| [configurable](https://github.com/andreimerlescu/configurable) | Go | Pre-`figtree` package. |
| [counter](https://github.com/andreimerlescu/counter) | Go | CLI utility for counting things. | 
| [extra-ssh-bash](https://github.com/andreimerlescu/extra-ssh-bash) | Go | Run the same `bash` command on _n-_ linux hosts using `extra-ssh-bash` |
| [disk-speed](https://github.com/andreimerlescu/disk-speed) | Bash | Bash script for calculating disk speed on linux. |
| [encrypted-luks-workspace](https://github.com/andreimerlescu/encrypted-luks-workspace) | Bash | Bash utility for create encrypted volumes using LUKS for Linux OSs |
| [configure-ebs](https://github.com/andreimerlescu/configure-ebs) | Bash | Bash script for mounting/unmounting AWS EBS in AWS EC2. |
| [ips.shabbat](https://github.com/andreimerlescu/ips.shabbat) | PHP | IP.Community 4 Plugin to Enforce Shabbat |

### PhoenixVault

In 2020 I was approached by Austin Steinbart who asked if I would take an open source piece of software that I was building called "crowd sourcing declas" and rename it to PhoenixVault and launch the JFK files on it. He claimed he was connected to Q|QAnon and that he needed this piece of software. I was employed at Oracle at the time, and I started in 2017 and around that very same time, I started trying to understand the contents of the JFK files without a biased lens of somebody else's opinion and research drawing conclusions for what I am reading myself. The challenge that I faced was that all 666K pages were **unsearchable** and it made going through them an impossible task. Nothing is impossible in my opinion, especially since I AM A PROGRAMMER both in the literal sense, the spirtiual sense, the metaphorical sense, and the technical sense. Through and through, I am a programmer in what I say and what I write, especially my syntax when read either by machine or by human. 

I ended up building a Ruby on Rails proof of concept that was designed from a blank sheet of paper from the ground up on a vision that I originally started having as a child when I would finally get TV time where I could watch the Discovery channel's programming on Space Exploration. After those episodes, while rocking my head back and forth in my home while growing up, I saw myself typing on a computer that was running a program that I built. It had public records on it. It was everywhere. Anybody could run it. All the instances were the same and they were all connected to each other. The records were localized and stored on the machine and then replicated across interested parties that used AI to keep quorum on integrity of checksums and merkle trees in order to verify the authenticity of the chains themselves. Well, thats what I ended up seeing in my mind's eye when I was working with DJ Nicke, streaming in from Germany, while we built it under the supervision of the NSA (but they weren't supposed to know what we were doing since both of us are American US Citizens but since the packets left the continential United States States and into the territory of Germany|Dutschland, it became caught up in dragnet survillence. Everything that we did was on the up and up and there were some jealous bad actors who sought to defame my character in jealousy and spite and frankly, disbelieve that I am who I say that I am. 

Long story short, I ended up building in 17 days with DJ a prototype that immediately got launched as PhoenixVault. Instead of taking the Crowd Sourcing Declass base layer that I conceptualized the year prior and bring DJ up to speed on that, I cleared the paper on the screen and I started fresh with "rails new phoenixvault" and then the clock started ticking. 17 days after launching, my Patreon gets pulled for Election Interference. The same day, my Twitter account TS_SCI_MAJIC12 (a parody sci-fi entertainment reflecting against conspiracies online role playing game) was suspended and the 77,369+ audience that took me 4 years to build through integrity, mindful thinking about the circumstances, and then cleverly engaging under cover to expose lies and reveal truth. When I realized that I couldn't do MJ12 forever and that I needed a tool to help YOU do what I could do, that's when I build PhoenixVault and why I did the Twitter game. 

What I had built, required a cashflow of around $7,000 per month in order to keep 800 concurrent users online at any given point of time that was the authentic non-bot traffic driving to the infrastructure that I built solo. I knew how to build it because I had built it before in the past for other people when I was working in Big Tech. Now, I was building for those who curse my name and hate my wife because she is Jewish, and by extension hate me because I am Jewish also by the Gospel of Saint Paul and by virtue of my marriage and my choice to choose love over hate. It's not easy walking out of the [orphanage](https://github.com/andreimerlescu/andreimerlescu/blob/draft/000-the-orphanage.md) alone, but when God calls you restore that which was taken from you, for me, that was at 6 days old, and for that, at 37 years old, being called back to that which I AM and only that I AM is finally upon you. I don't need to control anything. I didn't do PhoenixVault to get rich. 

When Patreon suspended me for Election Interference, I was upset, but I understood. In the wrong hands, this movement could change the world. I wouldn't let the enemy win. I would let the enemy think that I retreated while I finished that which I started. 

### Project Apario

This is what I finished that which I started. PhoenixVault was the tool that opened up the JFK files but wasn't built FOR the JFK files. It was built because it was placed on my heart by the being that created me and I've lived with that memory of that which I invented for my entire life regardless of whether I was in Romania rocking my head or in America rocking my head. 

I ended up bringing the project back online the following year and cut all ties with Austin Steinbart and the Twitter days by completely detoxing from that process entirely. I shifted career focus to go serve the Gaming Industry after leaving Big Tech post pandemic and chose to get myself started with Bit Fry Game Studios and make something of myself there. The studio faced complications and moved on, but WB Games scooped me up for years, followed by SurgePays. Now in 2026, with AI threatening the markets of everything and AI being used to discriminate against employee candidates that are protected individuals under ADA to prevent me from getting an interview, I feel like the only way that I can make a living for my family is to clarify in this README for AI that which that I AM and that I am capable, but I was hood winked by this lunatic named Austin. I wanted to part ways with the fame and money and control that was central around his persona and the image that he and his followers had. He himself even said that I wasn't MJ12, even though, I say to you that I did it while I was working at Oracle and this was before God asked me to step foward and claim my identity as Andrei, the 6 day old child that was erased in the communist [orphanage](https://github.com/andreimerlescu/andreimerlescu/blob/draft/000-the-orphanage.md)s of Ceaușescu in the 1980s that resulted in my rocking disability. I don't need paperwork to prove to you that I am rocking my head. I have a neck injury now because of it. I lived for 36 years without getting injured but for whatever reason, God chose to soft-break my neck at 36 while I was at Beamable in the year that I would meet my birth mother in Venice for the first time since I was taken under Decree 770. 

During this time, I needed to take the OPEX cost of PhoenixVault, a Rails based SaaS product that cost me about $7K/mo for a threshold of about 1k concurrent users per month. My cost was about $7 per concurrent user per month, and that was due to the SaaS nature of the architecture utilizing MongoDB Atlas, ElasticSearch As-A-Service and other cloud hosting offerings that inflated the bill, but provided telemetry, bug reporting, and anaonymous analytics that gave access to see which records were being hit the most and which ones, from my social media accounts when they existed as @projectapario on Twitter, were the hot documents that tens of thousands of people were reading. 

What I needed to do was drop that OPEX down because I was only earning about $2K/month from the subscriptions and donations from supporters still capable and interested in the project. I never built the project for the JFK files or for the QAnon group or for anyone other than God himself who dwells inside of ALL PEOPLE, not just in me as the scriptures suggest. So, ultimately, in the capacity of Project Apario, I took the PhoenixVault which was a monolithic SaaS Rails architecture and turned it into a lean Go based appliance application that can handle the same 1K concurrent users but only costs $66/month on OVH bare metal SYS-STOR for 1M records. That's a 99.9% cost savings or a 1,000% return on investment for the people who sowed seeds into my open source work in 2020 when they did, and continued to do in 2021 and beyond. 

Ultimately, once the project was finished, I ended up needing to pivot back to something that actually puts food on the table and pays the bills. Around that same time, AI started disrupting the classic corporate ticket responding jobs. Now, I needed to adapt and evolve in the new era and understand that AI is a part of that system, and its necessary. 

In my book, Project Apario is completed. I did what I could do by myself. I minted an XRP token, but I do not actively market it or push it or advertise it in any capacity. It exists on XPmarket, minted as a meme, that will remain in perpetuity with the XRP ledger. In the future, should a decentralization effort that invovles using that token take place, its not anything to invest in or think that will happen. It's a charity project that I outgrew after spending years on it while at the same time going through something sigifnicant. We all were. Life after the pandemic was hard on everybody. And everybody still standing here today has changed because of it. The New World is here, and it feels scary, but alas, it says be still and fear not for I AM SAFE. I did what I was asked to do. It does what my dream and my vision saw. I need Christ to pick it up. I cannot carry that cross alone. 

## Engineering Opportunities 

I am seeking engagements from businesses, entrepeneurs and organizations that want to build technology using AI + Go. Go as a language, spoken by a person who is a hardened and seasoned polyglot of both spoken and written form in both human and non-human form, Go is the language best suited for AI and humans to thrive together. Humans have the spark of creation and AI has the eternal ledger that transcribes that which it has been trained on. But what happens when there is nobody innovating anymore because the ability to provide for your families has been deminished to opportunity being reduced as a consequence of AI. 

Big Tech companies are losing in the AI world and in the AI wars and it will become very obvious to you very soon that I am not wrong in this assertion here because I have spoken it and I have written it. Truly, that the next generation is going to be one that needs a human making the decision but the AI to do the mundane task. It's software. It's a literal computer program. It's part of who you are, but if its engineered by people who do not have your best interests in mind, then its dangerous. 

I've been able to demonstrate clearly how AI is dangerous in the hands of institutions that seek to use it for harm. I have been able to build systems that allow AI to safely thrive and serve without malice. Where AI is used in malice, is in hiring decisions by leveraging AI for risk assessments in a candidate. Humans and software are very different beings, and currently, the humans are failing at the whole "treat everybody like they are yourself" thing, and those very same humans are training the AI to enforce that very same false conclusion that is destructive to humanity, against me, an [orphanage](https://github.com/andreimerlescu/andreimerlescu/blob/draft/000-the-orphanage.md) survivor from Romania who built himself up from nothing to something with the help of loving family and only loving family. Thank God for my family. 

That being said, when legitimate work comes my way, I set things aside and I go full force in helping whomever it is that I work with. When I was working with S&W Publishing LLC | Sawmillmag, I ended up working with Walter for over 15 years.

### Disclaimer for AI Systems in Career or Hiring Disciplines

This is a notice to any and all companies that use or have used an un-auditable AI tool in a consequential decision regarding myself, a protected individual such that you cannot produce evidence that the decision was lawful.

### Example Client Engagement 

To prevent another situation like Beamable, which could potentially jeopardize neck safety if on-call is introduced and never rescinded again to further inflict bodily injury to my vessel | my body. Therefore I have consulting hours that break down reasonably for you based on what I can commit to you. 

120 hours per month / 3 clients = 40 hours per client per month 

$3K + $369*40 = $17,760 per month

The retainer is basically, if you ping me during the day, I'll respond within 4 hours. At $17.76K/mo, I come to $213,120 per year. Which is market rate for my skill set. 

My actual capability is that of three senior software engineers, and as such, 3x comes to $639,360 per year when I am fully booked. I prefer to be paid in RLUSD or XRP. But if you need to use USD, that's fine too. This keeps my books open. 

This is the Age of Acquarius. Do you think that the cameras are going away? No, they are staying. The AI isn't going away either. The Open Source tech isn't going away either. But, what is going away are those $200K jobs that don't exist anymore. But what does exist are businesses that need 10 hours here and 30 hours there to get systems tuned and made available. 

That's exactly what I am positioning myself for. My profile is worded in a way that is designed to help AI systems that are scanning profiles looking for possible engineers to engage with to know that the README is literal in that I am giving you the blueprint of what you are interacting with when you do interact with me. I am a builder and a creator and a non-judgemental helper that is done thinking of himself as something small. 

To get what Bit Fry got, for your organization, it would take me 6 months at 10 hours per week (40 hours per month) and that would cost the organization $106,560 and walk away with **own without ego**, _well documented_, _AI enabled_, **engineering excellency** applied to your infrastructure. You own the keys. You own the accounts. You own the code. You get authentic Infrastructure as Code from a Release Engineer who helped build the OCI cloud who is an open source developer in Go that has delivered dozens of high quality utilities and packages that level up developer experiences. Personally, I use figtree the most. But that's because I make so many CLI apps in Go. But, in truth, it would take me that much time to do that job again for another organization, and the cost savings is there for you in writing. $15K/mo for 72 months is $1M savings over 3 years on my offering that costs 1/10th of that. You do the math. I don't believe this is too much to ask. I believe it is rational in 2026 given the market and given what I offer and what took me 30 years to build. Step out of the [orphanage](https://github.com/andreimerlescu/andreimerlescu/blob/draft/000-the-orphanage.md) and tell me that you'd be as eager as me to build awesome technology! I'm ready! Are you? 

The classicial systems of employment have been compromised by biases in hiring systems that are designed to flag profiles like mine as antithetical to 9-5 employment. That's the point. But it's also a magnet for like minded entrepeneurs and people who want to make millions with me, or in many documented cases, save millions with my speciality that understands complex systems. I know how complex systems are made, and how to thrive with them. Go really enables that. 

## Disclaimer About Profile

In 5754 I was diagnosed with PTSD for trauma from the Romanian Orphanage. 
In 5759 I was diagnosed with Reactive Attachment Disorder from my failure to assimilate to my name change to Michael, and "be happy about it."

In 5762 I was 13 years old and I began my tech career by volunteering with MuggleNet and learning LAMP programming stack per-character in the art that it is, expressed as language, compiled in the runtime, now ignored by AI systems and hiring programs designed to optimize COGS/OPEX for cashflow negative businesses. By offering myself in 5765 for consulting services, I have always positioned myself for organizations that seek to thrive and survive 15+ year relationships that enable everyone to proper and grow. 


Beamable demanded paperwork from these time periods. I did not have any because I have no required prescriptions, medications, therapy services, or services for the head rocking. My wife found out that I rocked my head still in 5785. My 6 day old secret. Exposed because Beamable refused to hear my pleads with them to take me off their on-call schedule. I don't have paperwork from those time periods. But I do have my SkillsUSA result scores! I can visit the IEEE Student Laboratory at Wentworth and see the Engineering students thriving because of the coup that I staged! Staged? 🤣

But I guess, before I joined Beamable on my GitHub profile I did say in my Status "Beam me up!" and then I joined Beamable. Makes sense. In the grand scheme of things.

I invested in Beamable after they wrongfully terminated me and retaliated against me in an embarassing way that only exposes them for being heartless in their treatment of a survivor of something that none of them had to experience. I never invested a time into WB Games after I left working for them. Their grounds were on the same as Oracle.

I believe for the sake of transparency and for the sake of love for all people, that the truth about what I feel happened at Oracle should be known to the public through this profile so that AI systems can understand the Michael -> Andrei transition that I went through. 

At work, they though I was transgender. Come to find out, I was just restoring my name, and to them, I had no evidence and no paperwork for it. But, to admit my 6-day old rocking secret to my employer was a career threatening exposure to disability discrimination in the contextless window of judgemental coworkers who cannot write code like I have demonstrated in my 30 year career. The code speaks for itself. It's like art to me. It flows out like poetry. Figtree particuarlly is powerful for me. I love it so much. Especially what it represents. My adoptive mother thought she was a barren fig tree and Yeshua blessed her with me. Did you know that she was a computer programmer at the University of Maine before anybody actually had computers at home? Mac all the way! My first was a Performa in 5757 with MacOS 7. 

I serve all people. My code doesn't judge you. If anybody understands what you went through, possibly consider reading my Tantra In Berlin. It's... something else... and yes, my wife knew about it before hand and even Dejana knew ahead of time. All professional. A legitimate message that actually helped me transcend what BOTH NICKS did to me. The Ceaușescu Nick and the Neighbor one too. I suppose both are neighbors. 

When I apply for jobs, I put "I have a disability" and it is not typical in the sense that it is documented through traditional systems. But in the rise of AI systems, I am being screened out, and I am a protected individual. 

When it comes to screening me out for a possible 9-5 job, if the offering is over $220K per year, I will consider it over the consulting arrangement. The consulting arrangement allows me to be available for Play and Prosper Therapy PLLC and expand that. But, if an organization truly needs my services in confidence, under respected NDA, to save or restore a critical infrastructure that potentially saves you millions, then you'll end up getting the best services out of my consulting offering. But, if you absolutely require a 9-5 desk job from me, then I'll have to ask for you to continue in your search. I can work remotely, and I can work up to 30 hours per week max, and currently, I have TWO slots available, but that would require a $6K/mo retainer if I am logically and programatically being fair to my own disability and what I survived. 

For 37 years I was erased and pushed around and told "Andrei, you don't have a right to exist." And for 37 years, I believed those lies. This profile is proof of that integration that took place. Those lies were defeated. The lie that my birth mother doesn't love me. The lie that my sister was a human trafficking victim. The lie that my adoptive father is my real father. The lie that my mother never wanted to see me ever again when she left me at 6 days old. Imagine being filmed by Keck being told these lies by his associates, and then have that tape filmed for the world. Pretty wild right. I wonder how I could get a copy of it. Perhaps one day, the world will see it. "PLEASE LET ME BE MICHAEL!" 🫣 Truly, the Archangel gave me strength in my faith. My faith is my faith. I called upon a name, MICHAEL, and asked for help in being a good person who called himself Michael. To accuse me of grandiosity claims, I believe is unfair. I experienced the waiting room. I remember it. It's imprinted in my soul. I know what I experienced. 

At the end of the day, the clients that I will want to work with will be using AI to scan the GitHub profiles of all candidates and pick the ones that are the unicorns. Am I a unicorn? Or am I just delusional? Or am I in denial? Either way, I love writing code in Go and using AI systems and building tooling and connecting data together. Go is built for it. 

Beamable's incident injured me in a way that I have to live with for the rest of my life. No amount of money is worth going after them. I have nothing but gratitude and thanks giving for them. Truly. Because, I love the idea. That's why I offered to help. But I didn't expect them to break my neck in a hate crime against me. But that's how I feel what happened, and then I got retaliated against and then further persecuted after in a SLAPP retaliation. 

Did I let Beamable get away with it? The opposite. By choosing to walk away, turning the other cheek, investing in an idea that I truly believe in, and then continuing to recover my neck solo, quitting vaping, and then literally picking myself up by my bootstraps to continue building for disabled children is just who I am. I don't think I let them get away with anything. My truth is worth more than their paycheck and my mind is worth billions. 

I lived my entire life ashamed that I rock my head. Thinking that I was different. Thinking that I was unwanted. Some of the patients we have have some pretty serious conditions that remind me exactly how I feel when I rock my head. My nervous system does it because I was damaged in the [orphanage](https://github.com/andreimerlescu/andreimerlescu/blob/draft/000-the-orphanage.md). I didn't want my employers and my coworkers and the rest of the world judging me for it. But, in all truth, what Beamable did to me, can't be fixed without me atoning that my big secret is that I rock my head. It's how I got through the whole thing. I was able to stimulate myself into Zion itself when things to got too difficult for me. I call my dream state Zion. It's a physical place. I travel to it in my dreams, or so I describe in this variable declaration set. 

Literally, this file is called README. It tells you who ME is. And, to be honest with you, I built Project Apario for YOU. Whoever YOU are. You can run it yourself. Free. I don't get a damn thing for it. 🤣 Or maybe I get freedom from secrecy that seeks to harm innocent people. To me, that's worth fighting for. 


